#vss365 today
About all those emails...

Hey there, I'm Caleb, creator of vss365today.com. You are receiving this email because at some
point, you signed up for the daily email notifications containing the latest #vss365 prompt.

First off, thank you for supporting this project of mine. What started out as a quick idea to help
myself get the latest #vss365 prompt has turned into something greater. It's humbling to know that
so many people use the site for writing inspiration. So, yeah. Thank you. I mean it.

Additionally, thank you for sticking around during this whole Twitter/X fiasco and the changes that
affected my ability to run the site. They have not been easy or painless (which is partially why I
am writing so directly right now). Hopefully those things are behind us now.

To my point of writing, I want to apologize for the mass amount of email messages you likely
received yesterday. While you may not have thought much of it, I did, and I wanted to say I am so
sorry to spam you like that. I've said it many times before that I personally can't stand
spam messages, much less a flood of them, and yet that is exactly what I did to you.

To spare you the boring details, I was working on fixing an issue that was causing the daily emails
to not send out. While doing so, it appears I fixed the problem without realizing I did but did
not realize it until later. In total, I accidentally sent nearly 6,000 messages.

Please accept my sincerest apologies for this. If you've been around for a while, you know this
doesn't happen. Between a lot of internal work and the Twitter/X changes, this was an exceptional
circumstance. I do my best to keep everything running without issue, and this was one of those times
I messed up.

Again, I appreciate your support. I have plans in the works to continue to improve everything, not
to mention the anticipated #vss365 Wrapped 2023 that comes out in just a few short months.
If you have any questions, feel free to tweet me and I'll be more than happy to answer.

Happy writing!

-Caleb
https://twitter.com/cely717

To help support #vss365 today, visit https://vss365today.com/donate
To unsubscribe, visit https://vss365today.com/unsubscribe
To view our privacy policy, visit https://vss365today.com/privacy
